Adds more documentation for VaRA (#641)
se-passau/VaRA-Tool-Suite: docs/source/research_tool_docs/vara/instrumentations/instr_verify.rst

Instrumentation Verifier (``instr_verify``)
===========================================

> The instrumentation verifier is an instrumention build to debug and verify regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The instrumentation verifier is an instrumentation built to debug and verify regions.
```

> The verifyer checks if every start instrumentation for a region has a matching end instrumentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The verifier checks if every start instrumentation for a region has a matching end instrumentation.
```

> Should a region be not correctly instrumented, the verifyer reports the problem and provides extra information about the region, e.g., the region ID or the file location of the code region (in case the code was compiled with ``-g``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should a region instrumented incorrectly, the verifier reports the problem and provides extra information about the region, e.g., the region ID or the file location of the code region (in case the code was compiled with ``-g``).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Example output:

```
Or similar
